US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
4
[0032] Another example of a user-defined network is a initiate playback before the transmission is complete. Thus,
home network, in which a portal or gateway may be used to the streaming process usually requires buffering on the
interconnect one or more computers with a user’s home or receiving end. Another embodiment may use another form of
space to a public network such as the Internet. According to data transmission for the target data. Under one embodiment,
embodiments described herein, a user’s defined network may the target data may be transmitted as one file to the target,
contain a media library of stored media files, media sources such as in the form of an email attachment. Alternatively, one
(e.g. cable television or satellite feed, live video camera) or more (e.g. a series) of Multimedia Messaging Service
contained within the user-defined network or under its con- (MMS) messages may carry the target data to the target.
trol, and external media sources that are accessible to the Numerous data transmission techniques may be used, some
user-defined network over networks such as the Internet (e.g. of which are described below (see e.g. FIG. 6A-FIG. 6D).
streaming media services). These examples of user-defined [0036] The manner in which a method such as described by
networks (personal network, home network) and other net- FIG. 2 is performed may differ, depending on the type of
work enabled systems are contemplated for performing meth- media source involved. For example, in a case where the
ods such as described in FIG. 2 and FIG. 3. In describing the ~~ media source corresponds to one or more media files stored
methods provided below, reference may be made to elements locally within the control of the user-defined network, a tem-
of FIG. 1 or other embodiments described in this application. porary copy or conversion file may be formed as a result of
Such reference is made for purpose of illustrating a suitable step 220. In the case where the media source is an external
element or component for performing a step or sub-step being streaming source, a buffer may be used to capture the stream
described. while the media delivery system re-streams the data to the
[0033] Step 210 provides that a media source is identified. target device.
The media source may be based on a request or identification [0037] FIG. 3 illustrates a more detailed method for
provided by the user, made at any time. The media source may enabling media to be transmitted from a user-defined network
correspond to any source from which media data may be to a target device, under an embodiment of the invention. A
retrieved, generated or received, such as a stored file or a live method such as described in FIG. 3 assumes the target is a
or ongoing media transmission. The media data provided by device that is accessible to the user-defined network using
the media source may be in the form of audio, video, or a data networks such as the Internet and/or cellular networks.
combination thereof. The media source may be internal or [0038] In step 310, a user of the user-defined network pro-
external to a user’s defined network or computer system. As vides information about the target device. The information
will be described below, the media data may be from anyone ~~ may include information about the type or capabilities of the
of numerous sources, and in anyone of various formats. For target. Additionally, information may be provided for locat-
example, the media data may be received as streaming media, ing the target device and/or for identifying or verifying the
retrieved from a stored location, from a cable or satellite device.
media feed, or from a connected device that records media [0039] Step 320 provides that profile information is asso-
(e.g. video recorder). ciated with the target device. The profile information may
[0034] In step 220, target data is generated from the media correspond to information that identifies known capabilities
source, or from media data provided from the media source, ofthe target device, or of the target device’s ability to handle
to accommodate a profile associated with the target. The media. For example, in the preceding step, the user may
profile may be based on the capabilities of the target and/or identify his cellular model, and a module or program on the
the preferences of the user. The profile specifies formatting user-defined network may correlate the device model with a
and configurations for the target data. In an embodiment, the list of pertinent capabilities of that device. In the same
profile specifies the one or more of the following character- example, the user may also specify his media player, his
istics for the target data: data format, transmission size, and cellular network, additional memory (e.g. smart card) or other
display size. If the native characteristics of the media source information. To this end, a library may be maintained with
do not conform with the characteristics specified by the pro- information about different devices. The library may be pro-
file, a conversion or configuration process is performed on grammatically accessed by, for example, a media delivery
media data from the media source in order to make the target system (such as illustrated with FIG. 4) to determine how
data have the desired characteristics. Thus, for example, if a target data is to be configured. Examples of what type of
media player of the target requires data to be of a certain type, information may be maintained in the library based on device
then a conversion process may be performed to convert the capabilities include one or more of the following: media
data format of data provided by the media source from a player type, display size, operating system, cellular network
native format to the desired data format. As additional (if applicable), processing or memory capabilities, maximum
examples, additional conversion or configuration processes transmission size. Additionally, profile information may
may be performed on data generated from the media source in include one or more user preferences. For example, the user
order to generate the target data with desired transmission may specify a desired transmission size that is less than the
size or display size. maximum transmission size. The user may also specify, for
[0035] Step 230 provides that the target data is transmitted example, alternative display sizes, or implement filters.
to the target. The data transmission may be performed in [0040] In step 330, conversion and configuration processes
response to the target device accessing or making a request for may be established or otherwise made available to the user-
data (pull), or it may be performed by transmitting the target defined network for purpose of enabling the media delivery
data without the request from the target device (push). In an system 120 to perform on-the-fly processes to generate target
embodiment where the target is a mobile device (such as one data with desired characteristics specified in the profile infor-
that is cellular enabled), the target data may be streamed. mation. In particular, embodiments provide that in instances
When data is streamed, the mobile or receiving device may where the media source is, in its native form, incompatible or
respond to receipt of a portion of the overall transmission and inconsistent with characteristics specified by the profile infor-
