US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
3
the particular device/location, and thus allow that device/ menting a conversion process on the media source data 112.
location to generate media output corresponding to the media In such a case, one or more of the resulting target character-
source data 112. istics 117 of the target data 116 may be different than the
[0024] As will be described, the media sources 110 may native characteristics 113 of the media source data 112. For
correspond to one or more different types, including, for example, one or more of the characteristics transmission size,
example, stored media files, streaming media from external data format, and display size may be different for the target
sources or services, and media feed data from cable or satel- data 116, as compared to the media source data 112.
lite links. Media may correspond to audio data, image data or [0028] The media delivery system 120 may access one or
a combination thereof. Image data may correspond to both more target profiles 125 associated with the target 130 to
still and video data. obtain target information 124. The target profiles 125 may
[0025] In an embodiment, the target 130 corresponds to a correspond to a list of device capabilities and/or a list of
device that the media delivery system 120 can communicate ~~ user-preferences. The profile information may include infor-
with through one or more networks. According to one mation on how to configure or format the target data to
embodiment, the target 130 corresponds to a mobile or roam- accommodate, for example, the following capabilities or
ing device, such as a device that uses a cellular network to limitations of the target: the network bandwidth available to
transmit voice or other data. Examples of such devices the target; the target’s processing and/or memory resources;
include smart phones (such as those that run on the SYM- the applications involved in handling media on the target,
BIAN operating system), wireless phone and messaging including web browser or media player; the display size or
devices (e.g. TREO 650, manufactured by PALMONE, resolution of the target; and audio hardware on the target.
INC.), personal digital assistants with roaming or cellular Some or all of the target information 124 may be determined
capabilities, and devices with roaming or cellular cards. In programmatically, or at least without user-input. For
another implementation, the target corresponds to any net- example, target information 124 corresponding to a device
work-enabled machine, such as a laptop. Still further, the profile may be retrieved from a library based on initial device
target 130 may correspond to a network location, such as an information identified from the user’s communication, either
Internet address, which a user can access from a standard through user-input or through other means.
Internet connection. . . . [0029] Embodiments of the invention enable users to estab-
[0026] In one implementation, media may be delivered to lish a media center from within the confines of a network that
the target 130 (in the form of target data 116) in response to a is under their control, and to use the media center to stream
request 118 from the target. In another implementation, the media of their choosing to devices and locations of their
request to deliver target data 116 to the target 130 may origi- designation. This enables the user to make his or her media
nate fr om another terminal or network location. The usermay library available to numerous devices and/or locations of his
specify the request on one machine, and receive the target choosing. An example of an application of an embodiment
data 116 on another. For example, the user may send the described herein includes a user making a music library or
request from a ‘work terminal or even from a terminal on video library accessible for streaming playback on a cellular
which the media delivery system 110 operates, to receive phone or portable computing device, where the music or
media on-the-go through his cell phone. Still further, rather video library is stored on the user’s hard drive, on a computer
than receive the request 118 from the user, the initiation of within his home network. In another embodiment, a system
media delivery to the target 130 may be programmatic or may be implemented in which streaming media from a source
event driven (e.g. such as through use of a calendar or sched- outside of the user’s network is streamed to a station or
uler). component within the user’s network, then re-streamed to the
[0027] The media delivery system 120 may receive the user’s end device.
media source data 112 in its native form, meaning the media
source data 112 may have a set of native characteristics 113. [0030] Methodology
Such native characteristics 113 include, for example, trans- [0031] FIG. 2 illustrates a method for transmitting media
mission size, data format, and display size (for image data). data to a target, under an embodiment of the invention. Meth-
The media delivery system 120 may have full capabilities to ods such as described by FIG. 2 or FIG. 3 may be performed
receive and handle media from numerous media sources. This on a user’s defined network. The user’s defined network may
may include broadband Internet access, video and audio pro- correspond to a subnet of one or more computers under a
cessing resources, memory to buffer or cache (large RAM), user’s control that are interconnected by a local network
and a large display. An example of media delivery system 120 connection (e.g. Ethernet) or a through a local connection
would be a desktop machine that runs MICROSOFT MEDIA (e.g. through a serial buss). One example of a user-defined
CENTER. For a given media source, some or all of the native network for use with an embodiment of the invention is a
characteristics 113 may be unsuitable or unwanted for the personal network, such as described in U.S. patent applica-
target 130. The media delivery system 120 generates the tion Ser. No. 10/888,606. A personal network is a networked
target data 116 to have target characteristics 117 using the system that uses individual software and/or hardware com-
target information 124. In the case where the media source ponents as satellites. The satellites are (i) interconnected and
110 is completely compatible with the target 130, the target aware of each other’s status and capabilities (at least when it
characteristics 117 and the native characteristics 113 may be is relevant), and (ii) able to use each other’s functionality.
the same or substantially similar, so that the target data 116 However, alternative embodiments may be implemented in
and the media source data 112 are also substantially similar. which a system achieves functionality such as described
In such a case, for example, the target data 116 may simply be using non-satellite components. For example, as mentioned,
a copy of the media source data 112. In the case where one or the user defined network may include a home network, or a
more native characteristics 113 are not compatible or are home network combined with an external station that are not
unwanted, the target data 116 may be generated by imple- aware of each other’s status and/or capabilities.
