US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
1
MEDIA DELIVERY SYSTEM AND METHOD screen display on a cell phone is typically too small to render
FOR TRANSPORTING MEDIA TO DESIRED images from a digital camera, even if the cell phone is cam-
TARGET DEVICES era-enabled. Often, the result is that when users want to share
data amongst connected devices, that user must perform
RELATED APPLICATIONS numerous manual steps, such as manually converting data
. Lo . . . formats.
[0001] This application is a Continuation of U.S. applica- . . .
tion Ser. No. To 18L filed Sep. 12, 2006, titled MEDIA [0006] Bven as various computer and electronic devices
DELIVERY SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR TR ANSPORT- increase their functionality, their hardware components, envi-
ING MEDIA TO DESIRED TARGET DEIVCES. which is a ronment and form-factor become limitations that need to be
. Co. . L accounted for when devices are sought to operate with one
continuation-in-part of the following, co-pending U.S. Patent . .
Applications: U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/888,606, another. For example, many devices are capable of rendering
entitled “System and Method for Enabling the Establishment or playing back rich media (e.g. music or video), but th ose
» ; . devices have different levels of suitability for these functions.
of a Personal Network,” filed Jul. 9, 2004; U.S. patent appli- F 1 1 oh h ic ol fi
cation Ser. No. 10/888,633, entitled “System and Method for of example, a cel phohie ay ave a IMUSIC player soltware
Combining Memory Resources for Use on a Personal Net- application, but limited speaker output for truly enjoyable
work,” filed Jul. 9, 2004; and U.S. patent application Ser. No. music listening experience. As another example, cellular
10/888,745, entitled “System and Method for Remotely Con- phones with cameras are common and widely u sed, but their
trolling Network Resources,” filed Jul. 9, 2004, now U.S. Pat. images are not as good as devices that are primarily digital
No. 7,937,484; application Ser. No. 11/531,182 also claims cameras.
priority to provisional U.S. Provisional Application No.
60/718,119, filed on Sep. 16, 2003, entitled MEDIA DELIV- BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
ERY SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR TRANSPORTING [0007] FIG. 1is an illustration of a system or technique for
MEDIA TO DESIRED TARGET DEVICES. All of the afore- transmitting target data corresponding to media to a target
mentioned priority applications are hereby incorporated by location or device, under an embodiment of the invention.
reference in their entirety for all purposes. [0008] FIG. 2 illustrates a method for transmitting target
data corresponding to media to a target device using profile
TECHNICAL FIELD information associated with that device, under an embodi-
[0002] The disclosed embodiments relate generally to the ment of the Invention. CL .
field of media content delivery over networks. [0009] FIG. 3 illustrates a method for providing media from
auser’s defined network to a target device, under an embodi-
BACKGROUND ment of the invention.
[0010] FIG. 4 illustrates an architecture for delivering
[0003] There are an increasingly large number of devices media from various sources to a target, under an embodiment
that have network connectivity. Over the years, network con- of the invention.
nectivity has been extended to appliances such as refrigera- [0011] FIG. 5 illustrates a method for re-streaming media
tors, home entertainment centers, and interactive box sets for streams from external sources to targets, under an embodi-
use with television sets, digital cameras, and cell phones. ment of the invention.
With the evolution of these devices, there have been develop- [0012] FIGS. 6A-6D illustrate techniques by which target
ments in home networks. For example, WiFi technology data may be transmitted to a target, under one or more
enables users to interconnect various network enabled embodiments of the invention.
devices wirelessly to form their own local area network. Vari-
ous services and applications currently exist with the goal of DETAILED DESCRIPTION
establishing data connectivity between different network
locations. The growth of the Internet and other types of net- [0013] Embodiments described in this application provide
works has contributed to the numerous networking applica- the ability for a user to take media from any one of many
tions that currently exist. sources and deliver media from that source to a selected target
[0004] There is also an interest in extending network con- device or location in a form that is suited for that device or
nectivity to devices that can roam. These devices include cell location. One or more embodiments described herein enable
phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), and stations that data corresponding to that media to be generated which is
can be assembled on vehicles or airplanes. While wireless suitable or even optimal for a target device or location, when
networks for such roaming devices exist, these networks tend the media in its native form is actually not suitable for the
to have limited bandwidth, and can be expensive. In addition, target. As such, target data corresponding to media may be
it is difficult for operators of such devices to interact with generated and delivered to the target to accommodate capa-
networks, given that these devices often have poor user-inter- bilities and limitations of the target. Examples of the limita-
face features, and limited processing/memory resources for tions and capabilities that may need to be accounted for in
tasks that are often desired from them. generating the target data include the available bandwidth of
[0005] Currently, there are various interoperability issues the target; the target’s processing and/or memory resources;
when different types of network enabled devices are coupled. the applications involved in handling media on the target,
Often, the different devices operate on incompatible plat- including web browser or media player; the display size or
forms or operating systems. This can cause problems in how resolution of the target; and audio hardware on the target.
these devices share data with one another. Furthermore, con- [0014] Embodiments described herein provide that media
nected devices may use different data types (WAV versus received or maintained on a network enabled system of a user
MPEG) and/or data formats that hinder the user’s ability to may be transported across one or more networks to a desired
share data amongst devices. As an example, the size of the target device or location. Any form of digital media is con-
