US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
9
communicates the network location of the device 610 to the providing one or more interfaces to a user on the first
media delivery system 615 within the user-defined network computing device to enable the user to select (i) a media
602, and the media delivery system within the user’s network feed, and (ii) a target that can correspond to one or more
establishes a peer-to-peer connection with the target. Itis over of the multiple devices of the personal network that is
the peer-to-peer connection that target data is transmitted. indicated as being available based on the status informa-
[0078] In a variation, the service 620 performs functions tion;
such as authenticating and/or verifying the user of the roam- detecting selection of the media feed, and selection of a
ing device. The service 620 may also determine information second device of the multiple computing devices as the
about the user’s device, such as information about the capa- target; and
bilities of the target device (e.g. what type of browser made transmitting at least a portion of the media feed to the
the request). second device as the media feed is received on a resource
[0079] In another variation shown by FIG. 6B, the service of the personal network, the media feed being transmit-
620 acts as an intermediary between the target device 610 and ted to accommodate one or more characteristics of the
the media delivery system 615. Thus, target data 612 is sent to second device.
atarget that is a network location hosted by the service 620. At 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving the
the same time, the target device 620 is directed to access that media feed from a source external to the personal network.
location to receive the target data. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein transmitting at least the
[0080] In yet another variation shown by FIG. 6C, rather portion of the media feed includes configuring the media feed
than use the service 620, the target device and the media for the one or more characteristics of the second device.
delivery system may rely on messaging. For example, the 4. The method of claim1, wherein transmitting at least the
target device 610 may send a message 632 corresponding to portion of the media feed is performed on the first computing
the request for target data. The media delivery system may device. . CL .
then message (e.g. media file as email attachment) the target 5. The method of claim 1, wherein in response to detecting
data 634 back to the target device. More than one message selection of the media feed, the method further comprises
may be needed to communicate the target data. communicating, from the first computing device, with a third
[0081] FIG. 6D illustrates an implementation in which the computing device of the personal Detwork on which the
user’s defined network 612 and the target device 610 com- resource is provided, in order to receive the media feed on the
municate to establish their own network location for which third computing device from a source external to the personal
target data is to be relayed. In one implementation, the media network. . . ..
delivery system of the user’s network sends an invitation 6. The method of claim 5. wherein transmutting at least the
message 640, such as in the form of a Short Message Service portion of the media feed is performed on the third computing
transmission, communicating the network location for which device. . LC. .
the browser of the target device 610 is to access. The target 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising configuring,
data is then transmitted to that network location 642 (which on the third computing device, at least the portion of the
may correspond to the target 412, as shown in FIG. 4). The media feed for one or more characteristics of the second
target device 610 then accesses the network location to computing device.
receive the target data. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the first computing
device corresponds to a roaming device that communicates
CONCLUSION with at least the second computing device using the Internet.
9. The method of claim 1, wherein the media feed corre-
[0082] Although illustrative embodiments of the invention sponds to a streaming media source.
have been described in detail herein with reference to the 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the media feed corre-
accompanying drawings, itisto be understood that the inven- sponds to a cable or broadcast feed.
tion is not limited to those precise embodiments. As such, 11. A computer system comprising;
many modifications and variations will be apparent to prac- a memory that stores a set of instructions;
titioners skilled in this art. Accordingly, it is intended that the one or more processors that execute the set of instructions
scope of the invention be defined by the following claims and to:
their equivalents. Furthermore, it is contemplated that a par- form a personal network that includes multiple devices
ticular feature described either individually or as part of an that are interconnected using one or move networks;
embodiment can be combined with other individually . . ’
described features, or parts of other embodiments, even if the fecerve, at a first location of the personal network, status
other features and embodiments make no mentioned of the information for one or more of the multiple comput-
. . o . ing devices of the personal network, wherein the sta-
particular feature. This, the absence of describing combina- tus information indicates that each of the one or more
tions should not preclude the inventor from claiming rights to . . .
such combinations. computing devices is connected to a network and
operating as part of the personal network;
What is claimed is: provide one or more interfaces to a user at the first
1. A method for transmitting content, the method being location of the personal network to enable the user to
implemented by one or more processors and comprising: select (i) a media feed, and (ii) a target that can cor-
receiving, on a first computing device, status information respond to one or more of the multiple devices of the
for one or more of multiple computing devices that are personal network that is indicated as being available
interconnected to form a personal network, wherein the based on the status information;
status information indicates that each of the one or more detect selection of the media feed, and selection of a
computing devices is connected to a network and oper- second device of the multiple computing devices as
ating as part of the personal network; the target; and
