US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
6
reachable across the Internet or other public networks, so that mation may also correspond to specific preferences of the
the user’s defined network may include one or more exter- user. For example, the user may have a preference as to the
nally located stations, terminals, computer clusters etc. transmission size of streaming media (low quality), or to the
[0049] According to one embodiment, a system such as particular media player he or she wants to use.
described in FIG. 4 may be implemented through use of a [0053] According to an embodiment, the determination
personal network as described in U.S. patent application Ser. module 412 inspects the media data 425 for its native char-
No. 10/888,606. However, alternative embodiments may be acteristics. The determination module 412 may also access
implemented in which a system archives functionality such as profile information 427 from a user/device profile 426 to
described using non-satellite components. For example, as determine what native characteristics of the media data 425
mentioned, the network enabled system shown in FIG. 4 may need to be changed or unchanged. Using profile information
correspond to a home network, or a home network combined 427, the determination module 412 determines what compo-
with an external station each of which are not aware of each nents are to be used.
other’s status and/or capabilities. Another example of a net- [0054] Examples of media sources that can be accessed by
work enabled system includes two or more devices locally the media delivery system 410 include internal (to the net-
connected and network enabled from behind a gateway. work enabled system 402) sources such as individual files in
[0050] In FIG. 4, a network enabled system 402 that a media file system 432, a satellite outlet 434 or a cable outlet
includes a media delivery system 410. The media delivery 436. Another specific example of a media source includes a
system 410 communicates with one or more targets, includ- specific file contained in the memory drive of a digital video
ing, for example, a target device 420 and/or a network loca- recorder (e.g. TiVo). Another example of an internal media
tion 422. The targets may reside outside of the network source includes a local media recorder 438 (video camera)
enabled system 402 and be reachable through one or more from which live media streams are generated. External media
networks 404, such as the Internet and one or more cellular sources may include streaming media sites and services, such
networks. The target device 420 may correspond to, for as an Internet Television/Radio 431 site or streaming services
example, a cellular or smart phone, a media player witha ~~ 433 (e.g. RHAPSODY, STREAMWAVE). However, it
network connection (the network connection may be wireless should be noted that the sources of media are diverse and
or landline), a notebook computer, an automobile having increasing with time. For example, “podcasting” sites provide
satellite media delivery, or a workstation. The target network non-streaming media files to users, and are contemplated for
location 422 may be on a site that is accessible to an audience use with embodiments of the invention.
of target devices or users. For example, the network location [0055] In an embodiment, the following processes may be
422 may correspond to a web service or web page through performed in order to convert or configure media resources,
which media can be streamed. based on the results of the determination module 412 inspect-
[0051] According to an embodiment, components of media ing the media data 425.
delivery system 410 include a determination module 412, a [0056] Data Reduction: If the media data 425 is incoming
reducer 414, adisplay sizer 415, a formatting component 416, (external stream, cable television etc.) and has an inherently
and a transmission module 418. Each of these components large transmission size, the determination module 412 may
may be implemented as a module. In one embodiment, the have one or more data reduction processes performed on the
media delivery system 410 is capable of receiving media from media data. The transmission size may correspond to a bit rate
anyone of a plurality of sources and locations, including for the transmission. The bit rate is a function of a frame rate
internal and external sources. Thus, media data 425 may be and picture quality. The bit rate is normally determined by the
received by the media delivery system 410 from a plurality of media source, which uses a high bit rate to improve picture
sources. quality and/or frame rate. The data reduction parameters may
[0052] One or more profile structures 426 may exist as a be set as one of preference or necessity. For example, in order
source for profile information 427. The profile structures 426 to free network bandwidth, the user may have a preference as
may store profile information 427 corresponding to capabili- to lower transmission size. Additionally, the network band-
ties and limitations of the target device. These may include, width a device may need may be determined independent of
for example, information indicating what the device can the device’s capabilities. Rather, the available bandwidth may
handle based on processing and memory resources (e.g. be a function of the bandwidth on the communication channel
cache) of the target, the media player type or web browser to the device. In one embodiment, this profile information is
used by the target, the modem connection (if any) of the ~~ determined programmatically, by sending a test message or
target, the display size and/or resolution of the target, the communication to a specific target and measuring a response
operating system running on the target device, congestion time. For example, an image or media clip may be transmitted
characteristics or bandwidth information on the communica- periodically to the end target device from a component on the
tion networks used by the target device, and the type ormodel ~~ user’s network system, and the component may measure the
of the target. Profile information 427 about the target device time it takes for a programmatic response or receipt to that
(s) may be determined programmatically or manually. For message to be received back from the target. Based on
example, in one embodiment, the first communication in the response time, the profile information indicating bandwidth
form of a request for target data from the target device’s web and/or data reduction parameters may be set.
browser may be used to programmatically determine the type [0057] Formatting: The determination module 412 may use
of'web browser in use on that device. As described elsewhere, profile information 427 to determine information about the
programmatic timing mechanisms may be used to determine data type of media that can be handled by the target. For
available bandwidth for the device, particularly at a given example, the profile information 427 may identify the type of
instance. Other information may be manually entered by the media player on the target device 420. If inspection of the
user. In addition to profile information 427 accommodating media data 425 determines that the format of the media data
specific device capabilities or limitations, the profile infor- is not compatible with the media player on the target device
