US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
10
transmit at least a portion of the media feed to the second of the multiple devices of the personal network that is
device as the media feed is received on a resource of indicated as being available based on the status informa-
the personal network, the media feed being transmit- tion;
ted to accommodate one or more characteristics of the detecting selection of the media feed, and selection of a
second device. second device of the multiple computing devices as the

12. The computer system of claim 11, wherein the one or target; and
more processors execute the instructions to receive the media transmitting at least a portion of the media feed to the
feed from a source that is external to the personal network. second device as the media feed is received on a resource

13. The computer system of claim 11, wherein the one or of the personal network, the media feed being transmit-
more processors execute the instructions to configure the ted to accommodate one or more characteristics of the
media feed for the one or more characteristics of the second second device.
device. 22. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of

14. The computer system of claim 11, wherein the one or claim 21, further comprising instructions that, when executed
more processors execute the instructions to transmit at least by one or more processors, cause the computer system to
the portion of the media feed from a first computing device of perform operations that include receiving the media feed
the personal network on which the first location is provided. ~~ from a source external to the personal network.

15. The computer system of claim 11, wherein in response 23. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
to detecting selection of the media feed, the one or more ~~ claim 21, wherein transmitting at least the portion of the
processors execute the instructions to communicate with a media feed includes configuring the media feed for the one or
third computing device of the personal network on which the ~~ more characteristics of the second device.
resource is provided to receive the media feed from an exter- 24. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
nal source. claim 21, wherein transmitting at least the portion of the

16. The computer system of claim 15, wherein the one or ~~ media feed is performed on the first computing device.
more processors execute the instructions to transmit the 25. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
media feed from the third device to the second device using ~~ ¢laim 21, further comprising instructions that, when executed
one or more networks. by one or more processors, cause the computer system to

17. The computer system of claim 16, wherein the one or ~~ perform operations that include, in response to detecting
more processors execute the instructions to configure at least ~~ selection of the media feed, communicating, from the first
the portion of the media feed for one or more characteristics computing device, with a third computing device of the per-
of the second computing device. sonal network on which the resource is provided, in order to

18. The computer system of claim 11, wherein the first receive the media feed on the third computing device from a
location is provided on a first computing device of the per- source external to the personal network.
sonal network, the first computing device corresponding to a 26. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
roaming device that communicates with at least the second claim 25, wherein transmitting at least the portion of the
computing device using the Internet. media feed is performed on the third computing device.

19. The computer system of claim 11, wherein the media 27. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
feed corresponds to a streaming media source. claim 26, further comprising instructions that, when executed

20. The computer system of claim 11, wherein the media ~~ DY one or more processors, cause the computer system to
feed corresponds to a cable or broadcast feed. perform operations that include configuring, on the third

21. A non-transitory computer-readable medium that computing device, at least the portion of the media feed for
stores instructions that, when executed by one or more pro- one or more characteristics of the second computing device.
cessors of a computer system, cause the computer system to 28. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
perform operations comprising; claim 21, wherein the first computing device corresponds to a

receiving, on a first computing device, status information roaming device that communicates with at least the second

for one or more of multiple computing devices that are ~~ SOmpUlng device using the Internet. .

interconnected to form a personal network, wherein the 29. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of

status information indicates that each of the one ormore ~~ ¢1aim 21, wherein the media feed corresponds to a streaming

computing devices is connected to a network and oper- media source. . .

ating as part of the personal network; 30. The non-transitory computer-readable medium of
providing one or more interfaces to a user on the first claim 21, wherein the media feed corresponds to a cable or

computing device to enable the user to select (i) a media broadcast feed.

feed, and (ii) a target that can correspond to one or more * ok EE
