US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
5
mation, then the target data is generated with the desired [0043] Step 350 provides that the requested media source is
characteristics specified by the profile information by per- accessed for media data. The requested media source may be
forming conversion or configuration processes on data from an external streaming media source, such as an Internet radio
the media source. The processes identified in this step may or television site, in which case the web site and/or uniform
accommodate any one of a variety of media sources, includ- resource locator (URL) for that site is used to retrieve media
ing media sources that are both internal and external to the data from the media source from within the defined network.
user-defined network. For example, processes may be iden- In the case of streaming media sites, the media data may be
tified to convert media files from any one of a plurality of data buffer od As an sxample of another implementation, stor od
formats into a desired data type that is compatible with a media files may be opened in this step, and/or the contents o
. - . the media files may be copied for the processes that are to be
particular type of media player on the target device. As .
. . performed (if any).
another example, processes may be identified to convert LL. .
. . . [0044] Instep 360, a set of characteristics of the media data
streaming data from external sources, having any given data . . . . .
Lo . Lo : and/or the requested media source are identified. The identi-
type, transmission size, or display size, into streaming data of . LC
. Le . . . fication of the characteristics may be performed program-
a particular data type, transmission size and/or display size. . . A
: . matically. The particular characteristics that are sought for
Since the processes may be performed on-the-fly, streaming . . CoE .
. . identification in this step may be designated by the profile
media from a media source external to the user-defined net- . . . .
. associated with the target device. Thus, for example, different
work may be converted/configured and transmitted to the . . .
. A characteristics may be evaluated for different target devices.
target concurrently with transmission of the stream from the . . Lo . .
. . . Specific media data characteristics that may be identified
external source. If the native form of the media source is . LY .
. . Lo. . . include, for example, data format, transmission size, and
compatible with the characteristics specified in the profile . . .
. . display size for image data.
information, then the target data may be generated by, for 0045] Sten 370 des th data i af
example, copying and/or buffering the media file or media [ | Step provides that target data 1s generated from
: the data of the requested media sources. The target data is
data from the media source. . : . :
generated with consideration or use of the established con-
[0041] Once the target is identified, the profile is estab- version and configuration processes. Thus, if characteristics
lished, and the conversion/configuration processes are iden- identified in step 360 are incompatible or different than what
tified, the target may be used to retrieve and playback media was specified in the profile information associated with the
from the user’s defined network. In an embodiment, step 340 target, corresponding processes are performed to make the
provides that a request for media is made from the target. The data conforming to the desired characteristics specified by the
request may include identifiers for identifying the media profile information. If conversion or configuration processes
source, or when applicable, particular data available from the are necessary, the processes that are to be performed may be
media source. For example, the identifier may identify a selected from a library of processes established in step 330. If,
streaming media source, a particular file, a uniform resource however, the characteristics identified in the step 360 are
locator (URL) (or partial URL), or a media channel in the completely conforming to the desired characteristics speci-
user’s network (such as a channel designating a cable televi- fied in the profile information, then no configuration or con-
sion channel, or a channel that represents a media feed from version processes need to be performed. The target data gen-
the user’s own video recorder). Different implementations eration then becomes a process to buffer and/or copy some or
are contemplated for the form in which the request can be all of the media source data.
made. For example, the user may select an icon repr esenting [0046] Step 380, the target data is transmitted to the target
an action (get media from a streaming media service) or a device. Different modes of data transmission are contem-
source. The user may enter text data (through key strokes or plated by embodiments of the invention. In particular, the
even through voice recognition) to select the media source. target data may be streamed to the target device. Alterna-
[0042] According to one embodiment, the target device tively, the target data may be messaged, such as through an
may be equipped with a user-interface that displays media in attachment to an email. As another example, an alternative
a user’s defined network, as well as media sources that the messaging medium such as Multimedia Messaging Service
user has access to from his or her network. Such a user- (MMS) may be used. Examples of different transmission
interface is described in U.S. patent application Ser. No. techniques are shown in greater detail with FIGS. 6A-6D and
10/888,606, the aforementioned application being hereby ~~ lsewhere in the application.
incorporated by reference. Thus, for example, the user may [0047] Architecture for Media Delivery System
select an icon from a graphical user interface (GUI) where the [0048] FIG. 4 illustrates a system for delivering media to a
icon corresponds to a “channel”, and the channel may corre- target location or device, under an embodiment of the inven-
spond to, for example, a streaming media source, such as an tion. A system such as shown and described may be imple-
Internet radio site. Another icon on the same interface may mented as part or within a user’s defined network. For
represent another media source, of a different type (stored example, the system shown may operate at least partially
files of an album, or channel from a television cable feed). within a desktop computer used to manage a home network,
Thus, selectable user-interface features may be provided on a or a computer on which Microsoft Media Center (manufac-
single interface for connecting the user’s remote or roaming tured by the Microsoft Corporation) is running. However, a
device with distinct media sources, possibly of different user’s defined network may extend to network locations that
types. For example, icons on one interface may represent a are provided by third-party services, for which the user has
stored audio collection, cable television channel, and Internet permission to access and use (for example, an account). In
streaming service. With regard to Internet streaming services many cases, the user’s defined network is maintained sub-
or sites, specific media available from those services and sites stantially within a gateway or firewall, interconnected by a
may further be indicated. For example, the specific station on local network such as WiFi and/or Ethernet. However, the
an Internet radio site may be specified in the request. user’s network may extend to physical locations that are
