US 2014/0258514 Al Sep. 11,2014
2
templated, including media files (e.g. MP3 files), television component or a hardware component capable of performing
media received through a set top box or stored in a digital one or more stated tasks or functions. As used herein, a
video recorder, or streaming media. In response to receiving module can exist on a hardware component such as a server
an instruction for delivery of media from a target device, independently of other modules, or a module can be a shared
media source identified by the request may be identified and element or process of other modules, programs or machines.
accessed. Media data from the source may be analyzed or A module may reside on one machine, such as on a client or
inspected to determine its native characteristics. A profile for on a server, or a module may be distributed amongst multiple
the target is accessed, and profile information is used to deter- machines, such as on multiple clients or server machines.
mine desired characteristics for the generation of target data . .
that is to correspond to the media. The target data is poncrated [0021] Furthermor ©, One Or more embodiments descr ibed
from the media data or media source with the desired char- herein may be implemented through the use of structions
acteristics. If native characteristics of the media data/source that are executable by one or more processors. These mstruc-
are incompatible or otherwise different from the desired char- tions may be carried on a computer-r eadable medium.
acteristics specified in the profile information, the target data Machines shown in figures below provide examples of pro-
is generated to include the desired characteristics, and not the essing resources and computer-readable mediums on which
native characteristics. The target data is then transmitted to structions for implementing embodiments of the invention
the target. can be carried and/or executed. In particular, the numerous
[0015] An embodiment such as described may be pet- machines shown with embodiments of the invention include
formed programmatically, or as a computer-implemented processor(s) and various forms of memory for holding data
method. Programmatically means through the use of code, or and instructions. Examples of computer-r cadable mediums
computer-executable instructions. include permanent memory storage devices, such as hard
[0016] A particular type of media source contemplated for drives on personal computers or servers. Other examples of
use with one or more embodiments is a streaming media comput ores ediums inc Ee
source, such as provided through a streaming media service ’ - :
on the Internet, In one embodiment, the media source pro- ay cel Phones and personal digital assis teitts (Phas), ond
vides a media stream over the Internet or other network. A a s (ce. 3 a ces such as cell phones) are all
dia delivery sytem and che re described le samples of machines and dois that wie proceso
puter, and then re-streamed to a target device in a form that is enon and instructions stored on computer-readable medi
suitable for that target. As an example of an implementation
of such an embodiment, a streaming video and/or audio feed [0022] FIG. 1 illustrates a system for delivering media to a
may be received on a user’s media center, then re-streamed to target device, under an embodiment of the invention. A media
a user’s designated target device. The target device may cor- delivery system 120 may be part of a user’s personal network
respond to, for example, another computer, a cell phone, a or network enabled system. The media delivery system 120
personal digital assistant, a laptop, a network-enabled audio enables the user to distribute a variety of different media that
or media system for an automobile, or some other media is available from his or her defined network or network
output device. enabled device to locations that are remote to his network
[0017] Under an embodiment of the invention, the act of location. In particular, an embodiment enables the user to
re-streaming the media stream may correspond to one or distribute media to one or more selected roaming devices.
more of the following processes being performed: (i) the Roaming devices include devices that communicate on cel-
media stream being reformatted from one data type or exten- lular networks, satellite networks, or which are portable and
sion to another; (ii) a transmission size of the media stream can be connected to the Internet intermittingly. Furthermore,
being reduced; and (iii) a display size of the media stream as described elsewhere in this document, the distribution may
being re-sized. be made atthe request of the target. For example, the user may
[0018] As will be described, the processes mentioned operate his own media player-enabled cellular phone to
above may also be performed for media from sources other request music files from his connected media center (which
than streaming sources. Furthermore, other processes may be ~~ May run on a desktop computer). Various types of media
performed on data generated from the media source for pur- sources available to the home network or network user are
pose of making the generated target data suitable for the target ~~ contemplated for this type of media distribution, including,
device or location. for example, stored media files, live video captured by the
[0019] The media sources may provide data having a par- user on his own connected video camera, streaming media
ticular set of native characteristics. These native characteris- froman Internet streaming service, and television/audio cable
tics may be different than desired characteristics for the target and satellite feeds.
data, as specified in the profile information. In one embodi- [0023] In an embodiment, the media delivery system 120
ment, target data is generated by reconfiguring or reformat- uses media source data 112 from one or more media sources
ting data from the media sources so that the native character- 110 to deliver target data 116 to one or more targets 130. The
istics are changed into the desired characteristics. However, it media delivery system 120 may access profile 125 to obtain
is also possible for a result in which the characteristics of the target information 124. The target information 124 may dic-
target data are identical to the native characteristics, meaning tate how data from the media source is to be configured in the
the media data in its original form is suitable for the target, at generation of target data 116. As such, target data 116 is
least according to the profile information. configured for the target 130, even though media source data
[0020] One or more embodiments described herein may be 112 in its original form may not be suitable for the target. An
implemented using modules. A module may include a pro- embodiment such as described enables any network enabled
gram, a subroutine, a portion of a program, or a software device or location to receive target data 116 that is suited for
